okay so let's start hello everyone so we
are here for our first call on the on
the IDM project for those of you that
don't know IDM stands for Identity
Manager is the project that started like
I would say one month ago and this is
actually our first call so I kind of
make sense for me to give up little
before briefing or introduce introduce
the project so I have here open in my my
computer I will share it now I have here
some kind of you know our concept our
paper that kind of kind of explains the
the point of the project so in summary
what we are trying to build is an
identity wallet that wants to embrace
not only multiple identities but also
from different GID methods and the IDS
are stand for the centralized
identifiers and is a new spec that is
being written by many people to actually
create assault sovereign identifiers or
identities based on the IDs
how so we are gonna use verifiable
credentials to enhance these the IDs
because these the IDS are just regular
strings so we need somehow to enhance
them with things like our name our
emails and so on and so forth and also
you're gonna embrace other standards
that are built upon the ideas such as
the ideals and in this case that the
idea allows us to prove that we own or
we control the the ID that we are that
we are presenting
so essentially IDM embraces all of these
standards to create unified and
universal identity wallet
and in in brief it's split in three
components or three different parts the
first one being the wallet itself four
components I'm sorry so the first one is
the wallet itself and it's like the
low-level code that actually stores your
keys and manage your keys stores your
credentials and manage them and all of
that and then we have the wallet Y which
is you know a user interface for the
wallet
for you to see your credentials manage
your credentials create new identities
and so on and then we have the client
which he is someone that strives that
wants to receive or wants to
authenticate with you in order to know
who you are
what are your credentials and many of
those interactions that many dubs need
for instance signing is also interaction
that many dots need to to do and then
finally we have the bridge component
which essentially bridges a wallet in
wallet with the clients this is
necessarily because there are a lot of
varieties or various ways that that a
client might want to interact with a
wallet for instance adapt might might be
installed and being used in your browser
as well as your wallet but your wallet
must also live in your iPhone or your
Android phone and these are completely
different scenarios so I want to
abstract the way they connect to each
other via the bridge basically so I
think that I think it's you know the
introduction is is pretty much done at
this point if you have any questions you
can fill them in these in these notes
documents there's a section here which
is 0.7 so if you have any questions you
can put them down here and by the hand
of this call we'll have like 10 minutes
reserved time for for reader questions
and have some hassles as well so
let's follow the gender has already
started recording please everyone put
put your name or your getup handle in
the list of attendees if you haven't
already also I would like for a
volunteer to take notes
does anyone volunteer himself to or
herself to take notes I think so
also please head items to the agenda if
you haven't already we already have a
feel with a lot of other points so let's
keep going and finally one of
introductions and plates so let's start
by the order that's that's in that in
easily so starting with Paulo so please
introduce yourself little bit and also
give your updates as well ok so hi guys
I'm Paulo I live in Porto basically I'm
currently working really close to an
recluse we are working together in the
development mostly on the backend part
of the div M basically we are currently
developing parts of the IBM wallet and I
think we are going to in the next print
we are going to focus on the the IP IV
module so what I concluded during this
print was basically I finished together
with Andre the IBM concept paper we
publish it just for you guys to see and
we we asked for a couple of reviews and
the feedback we we thought was really
good also we we developed DJ's IBM
wallet vault basically I don't know if I
explain what the vault is but basically
the vault is the one responsible for
your lock types you're a lot of types
are for example a password the
passphrase your fingerprint or your face
IV for example that you will use to lock
the wallet basically we we did it we
currently we just add support to the
passphrase lock but in the future we are
aiming to have for example the
fingerprint that's our next step
DJ yes IBM wallet storage we we did it
so basically we are developing the GS
based wallets IBM wallet and these this
package should work in your browser but
also in in a know the environment so we
are currently just aiming to do it in
the in the in the browser for example
just for a proof of cost of concept and
we the the only storage that we came to
use right now is the local storage of
the browser but in the future we are
going to support multiple ways of them
also we did I developed a little react
demo just demonstration of what the
vault is and now it interacts with the
storage and how we should set up our
vault how the lock screen works and the
wallet itself currently it doesn't have
any functionality but just just for a
quick demo I'm also doing in the moment
the vault testing so basically we did
all the tests but just devote with the
unit test for the moat are missing and
as I said in the the next Sprint's we
will implement a JSI PID module and
implement the ID scope in the J in J as
IBM wallet so this is basically it I
don't know if I should do the demo now
or
and I should I should I was lemon ah I
was muted I always sing in the last part
okay so we we okay
so this is mainly it okay thank you very
much follow so heading on to the next
person
Pedro you go hi guys my name is bedroom
some of you might know me from the BBC
working group and maybe some of you
don't know me at all but okay so I am
one of the front-end developers of this
project I am doing this with Jim along
with Jill he will introduce himself in a
minute so we've been developing the step
story book and we have done the colors
typography buttons we have the primary
secondary tertiary and negative variants
text input with password strength so you
have a password strength to indicate how
strong their classwork is and you will
see I will do a quick demo and you will
see how it works and we also have then
the icon bed bed bed
Jim will talk about it but badge is a
kind of a word and but you will see you
later we also have a feedback message
the slider to to to to to define how
minutes you want your vault to be locked
and tooltip in models so these are the
components that are developed in all the
components are being reviewed you have
the link for the PR done below and and I
am also developing the model layout
components so we have developed the
model but we have we are developing now
the models they are so
what I'll do next is implement the set
up Locker user journey and also the lock
screen user journey these are the two
main steps that I will be doing this
sprint and I think that's pretty much it
for me yeah thank you very much by the
way I totally forgot to I actually give
opportunity to people to ask questions
so if you have any questions for Pedro
right now please do it the questions so
does anyone have any questions for Paulo
which was the first one no right so
another thing that I want to ask is for
you to leave links in to know in your
notes there are a couple of things
mission here that have no links for
instance Paulo if you could have the
link to the IDM wallet branch or
something like that will be awesome for
people to you know look look at the code
afterwards so having it editing on I
think the next one is jewel correct yes
hey guys my name is Jill I'm working in
port so just a quick introduction what I
what I finished so far was helping
better with the implementation of the
main components of the storybook I
worked mainly in the page in the slider
components and helped out however I
could in the remaining components I've
also written the first version of the of
the UI heat readme I don't have the I
didn't put the links here but I will fix
that after I am done talking
same progress as as Pedro said the few
changes are requested will will be will
be done and the next tasks I will be
working on are creating the the logo and
the
feedback on both the button components
as well as providing page with supports
as well does any have does anyone have
any questions for Joe right so heading
on I think it's me
right yeah it's me so quick so quick
introduction I'm andreas my guitar
bombed all his satyrs are I've been
working for the DDC working group in the
latest weeks and months and I also said
that one month ago we we kickstart the
IDM project so I'm mainly responsible
for driving these projects and that's it
so in terms of my updates basically I
concluded the IDM concept paper which
was made basically the concept paper was
a continuation of another paper which
was an RFC
that was my I know exactly but many
months ago I'll say in the last year as
well regarding the identity research on
on how to integrate identity in
pierre-pierre star applications that
paper was made by me John Santos as well
as Pedro Teixeira and this concept and
the item itself is a continuation of
that it was peer review peer reviewed by
many people and it planted on the on the
red pole so if you want to read about
the IDM project and how it's going to
look I will encourage you to read it
it's like really short it's not that
much I don't know might not not many
pages there it's easy to easy to read so
I encourage you to read it also I've
been working on implementation so I
finished implementation of the storage
involved scopes of dynein wallets and
let me just say something we have not
only the concept paper but also the
specification that is still draft
but we are working on you know defining
the interfaces of the wallet like forces
when I say storage involved
those are scopes well defined in the in
the specification so we are kind of
implementing them right now so I have
implemented the storage and in the vault
scopes with with the help of follow and
also during these weekends I have
attended a level 12 trust eight and this
was a very productive events I attended
with a Dean and with one scientist both
of them are present here in during this
meeting so I've met a lot of people and
and by meeting other people there was
actually two possible collaborations or
at least ideas that I could exchange for
instance there was a project called
symbol which aims to aims to offer
identity for VR virtual reality projects
which you know it's also in the browser
and it's there's a lot of similarities
here the the the person behind the
project is called out there so we
actually made a paper together but I
will explain that afterwards and also
there there was a conversation with the
various one main main leader which is
Manu and also mano kick-started the Eid
spec itself and many other self
sovereign South South sovereign
identities related subjects so I talked
with him it was a lot of you know
productive talks and conversations also
there are a lot of I took a lot of notes
to follow up there was a lot of you know
knowledge being shared in there I took
as many notes as possible and will
follow follow them up in the next few
days
for instance we we actually got a demo
of Shappy which is essentially it can be
one type of bridge
that we can implement on on a VM also
there were people showing demos of
wealth n so that we can use things
things such as such ID and face ID and
stuff like that in the browser which is
awesome in terms of output I've been
I've worked on two papers
so I'm co-authoring a co-author of two
papers the first one is related to ID ID
so I daddy has some issues that is you
know there are explaining this paper and
possible solutions so we have worked on
that so I work on that but we're in mind
that both of these papers are really
drafts so there are a lot of you know to
those there but essentially we
kick-started their papers there and we
will follow up on that later
and also we I created a draft paper with
the help of John and Alberto which is
the ID key management on the browser
which is you know what we are doing here
with IDM so it's kind of related as well
in progress I need to review a lot of
tasks from the last sprint next steps I
will be implementing the GSI PID module
with help of Paulo so this would be a
JavaScript module that will work on the
browser and also in ojs as well and next
I will also implement the ID scope in
the GS GS IDM wallet module that will
obviously use the GS a PID because we
all support and while we will support
many the ID methods will focus on the
first one which will be the IP ID the ID
method and I think that's all for me
does anyone have any questions regarding
what I said oh you know I can you hear
me yeah yeah David I'm just curious when
you when you said you implemented the
scopes for storage involved well I just
want to know maybe a little bit more
what look at me yeah okay so if you go
to the to these hyper and can you see my
screen yeah yeah so p.m.
there's a with me there including the
concept and the specification so I'm
implementing something it means I'm
making some some scope on these on these
document for instance you have the
storage you have a locker
you have the D ID scopes and so on so
very still draft okay this is very draft
lefty document but we all will
you know evolve over time and make it
more complete for instance by looking at
the signature you don't really know what
the method will do but will improve that
in upcoming weeks yeah I know where it's
okay so I just I just wanted to make
understand it's the actual like API
design yeah thank you by the way all of
the spec and the concept is open meaning
that anyone can implement their own
identity wallet based on the same
specification meaning that if there are
two three four five identity wallets you
know in production they will be
interoperable because there will be all
using the same specification if that
makes sense
so that's it so more questions no all
right so heading on to the next one
which is an trestles oh hi guys so I'm
Andrea I'm working from Porto as well I
have been really with the protocol laps
since the previous project which was
discuss if I I started working with
anti-cruise on IBM I'm a designer and
I'm working closely with the front-end
team which was already mentioned as
pedro NGO so for for the IDM project i
prepared and have concluded the style
guide for multiple components they were
already already mentioned as well the
colors typography buttons inputs tags
all sort of components that week its
extracts from the current user flows and
yeah they're already been implemented on
the storybook so yeah I started that
process for the user flows I already
prepared to set up Locker the lock
screen and
create an entity and imported entity as
well I'll have three demos to share
afterwards through the envision with a
low fidelity prototype so yeah just to
continue I have I followed the track on
the front end work with the story book
already mentioned currently in progress
I have the the iconography and the
illustrations it's a continuous process
until the end of the of the of that it
will be any sort of another I connect
really need or another illustration will
be work by me and developed as well so
also I'm currently working on a fidelity
prototype for the modal model variants
that means that all the animations
between n transitions between multiple
screens within flow such as the set of
blocker lock screen create or import
will be treated as a fidelity as
possible so the front end team and even
the end user could be aware of what's
happening I'm working as well or
regarding a fidelity prototype for the
lock screen it's crucial each is a
really simple flow because you will
conceive the idea of having the that
freezed a lot of times you have times -
you have a session time - to lock the
app so I'm trying to match the
animations as well such as a final look
for for the app so I don't have anything
but for now the next steps for me will
be design and think about the shell of
that regarding features and the overall
look and feel as well so another thing
that I will try to to work on this
sprint will be the profile the slash
identity page and then if there's a
possibility to create the new branding
for the the name the codename that we
had before which is not right now nom
yes so I'll try to to to work on that on
this print as well yeah just to clarify
so we have the idea which is the course
on to the spec and then we have the
actual in actual implementation of the
spec we should we should be called
non-use so meaning that
the final end product that the user will
install will be no meals but as I said
many other people can actually implement
it on wallet and give it different names
and they will be interoperable so does
anyone does anyone have any questions
for any salsa no cool so heading on to
the next person personally she's done I
think they're called okay so next one is
a Dean do you have any updates
I guess just briefly was a rebooting
with trusts looking into social key
recovery and and how to do that getting
that done is like the theory of what's
the right way to get this stuff done is
still a Wiles out which is fine because
it's all a whiles away before IBM will
will need something like that and oh not
I've been working on IP NS things which
is important because IP ID relies on NS
and as the only as the only the idea I
know about that doesn't require a
blockchain I'd like it to be really
really good to use and enough that even
the blockchain folks will use IP ID as
their sort of secondary keys because
they're they're cheap and easily
replaceable and all that sort of stuff
cool does anyone have any questions for
the forward sorry for a Dean so to give
you some context a Dean is also is also
from the DDC and we have you know had a
lot of discussions this weekend about a
penis and how to improve my penis and
hopefully I will have some time I didn't
review your
document that you created on Google Docs
there are a lot of questions there or
things there that are in my interest and
interests of IDM so I will give you some
feedback hopefully in the next few days
next up is one sentence you have any
updates wrong and also introduce
yourself of course yeah so I have like
an introduction to make but no updates
so so I wrote a times well as they
already said I was one of the co-authors
of the of the original IBM RFC like way
back like last year in the summer I've
also been a member of the rebooting web
of trust conference for like two years
now so I usually attend their
conferences and I said it is fun with
Andre and so right now I am analyzing
the possibility of being like a
contributor on the on the IDM project
probably focused on the interoperability
with other di D markets such as
libraries forum for instance also
another note like more towards a Dean
you might look at you might want to look
at something called claim chain which
kind of does what you want to do about
IP NS so just just take a note of that
they have like a academic paper which is
very interesting
yeah oh okay yeah so yes okay cool
thanks okay so I sing to both sides to
take notes because I totally forgot to
take notes so if possible Paulo write
the link that you want okay said so that
anyone can follow up follow their tab
later as well
can you send me can you send me that
link through a private message please
yeah I'm looking for it now thank you
okay so next time so I think you're
jumping Jim are you here Jim I have to
run to the to another meeting I think
run also okay so also I think we are
finished with the round off into
the plates so we're gonna have demos now
so perhaps we can start with the good
stuff I mean not about stuff in that
sense that it's only the important stuff
but I mean I didn't must leave so
perhaps we can show some screens to add
in so that you can sense how IDM will
look like before he lives so Andrea can
you show something what do you what do
you have to in terms of I'm the good
part right not nothing like not not to
say that other people I don't have
permissions to share I don't know why
okay so I know maybe you can stop
sharing your screen yeah and then I can
try I'm not saying that the other demos
are not good I'm just saying that it's
more than just this more visual things
so yeah it's easier for people to
understand what will be building okay
I'll try to start with a set up blocker
I think this is the first screen it's a
it's mostly starts with a definition and
a puts for the introducing a passphrase
okay I'll try to run over the screens a
bit fast since there are three demos and
then just to try try to understand that
the flows and the overall look and feel
applied to each screen so this is the
need mode component a Petra was saying
that he fermented already the password
strength
every error scenario is already
predicted
okay now we're confirming your
passphrase to advance and then set up
your expiration lock with a slider that
was Jill working on his comfort level
component level please bear in mind that
is the really low five prototype so it's
not the final end product but just the
overview of multiple screens and yet
said the blocker is just this one so
I'll run over for lockscreen
it's really simple you just need to type
the this the passphrase prospers already
inserted and then it will be a like a
timeout and I'll go under screen the
initial screen again need to type and
then you have a loading on the dots
which is your input and everything will
morph for for a final animation where
you can see the the locker trying to be
in walks and then yeah we'll have a
fitting for the the page rival and now
the most complex one create an entity
and this use case we'll try to create a
new ID you have your your DNA map the ID
metals that exposed you for now just
have the the IP ID possibility so you
need to continue without selecting and
any of the other ones define the person
that you are you can be either a person
or an entity so there's a possibility
select organization of course at inputs
and screens towards that that choice
will be different in this scenario will
be selected the person house Joe just
press continue okay I want to type my
name my name is Andre automatically the
avatar will will identify the initials
of my but of both names
it's workload on avatar I can change it
of course
continue I need to set up my device
enter the device name specify the type
of device that I'm working right now or
I'm using sorry
and it's I'm I'm using a laptop for for
instance and continue this will be
accommodated on the left hand side enter
the device name then finished need to
wait a bit so that the nativist is
created that yeah it's against all the
copies not final yeah just play Volcom
copy as an end screen so right now I
want to wake up my identity or do it
later or do it later of course so I need
to enter the passphrase sorry I just
jumped here a screen ok enter the
passphrase
there's a mistake here you don't need
the password press press as well this is
just a confirmation to type it so it you
can enter the backup process you need to
save your bread / key you can either use
it as a PDF files some sort of being
automatic or do it manually I will run
over both processes so you need to check
here and select the download PDF this
will be prepared to you the download has
started you can either print it and the
download was successful the file was
successfully downloaded and right now
yeah I could continue right here because
if the PDF is on my side I'm good so but
here I need to check do it manually so I
can show you the both scenarios so I
have the words here I need to I can copy
them to clipboard there's a detail here
that will be different right now because
I I was using a checkbox to specify and
describe it I've written down all the
words this is this will be removed and
we have a new approach for this continue
so to select my recovery key I need to
select the words a ten-five from the
previous screen
I'm trying these two I need to confirm
oh there was a mistake that's not the
two words corresponding to my recovery
cream in selecting other two this
automatically key automatically replaces
four for a new set of words and confirm
and yet your identity is secure you can
add another identity with the same flow
or go to the home page again
that's that's it what were the the two
words thing was for you to confirm that
you retain all the work all the words
okay
making sure you didn't like user error
okay yeah for instance firstly CEO port
has this kind of the same approach and I
was being like push being pushed with a
lot of notification saying hey please
backup your key back up your key and I
was I was like okay I'm not this
identity is not not is like temporary so
I will just dismiss this I try to you
know just say I I back up my key while I
am when I'm I didn't and that step
appeared in my screen I was like okay I
can't because I really need to confirm
the thing so it's just for that purpose
purpose okay any more questions for
Andre okay
let me just say a few things regarding
the passphrase we are obviously we
obviously know that users don't like
bosphorus past phrases so we really want
to embrace things like web @n which
allows you to use your fingerprint to
unlock your IDM wallet
so we are probably looking to that in
the future and also the paper key thing
will probably not be the only way for
you to backup your key as Adam said we
are looking the future to have things
like social recovery and other methods
to recover your key so that you can be
more you know sorry can sleep at night
basically
so adding adding on to the next demo
which will be Pedro yeah yeah let me
just share my screen can you see my
screen not yet and I can see your face
okay how about now yeah how can I remove
this from okay so what you will see here
maybe you have already seen because
salsa or Andre already showed you so
here we have the colors and some of them
are not final yet
so among the and web orange and
cornflower blue these are not final
colors and we also have here typography
we have the headers and body copies and
captions
Pedro let me just interrupt you can you
really just say what storybook is and
what it allows us to do just for people
that are not familiar with it okay so we
are building a storybook just to to
build all the individual components and
then we will try to reuse them along on
the Hat itself so here you have the the
components the individual components and
then on the app you can use them more
than once so it's it's kind of how can I
say you can you can reuse the components
and this way it's easier so the
storybook show has the the components
and it's it's like a mirror of the the
style guide that andreas design so
you have here the topography we have a
readme file for for each individual
component as you can see here let me
show you the buttons we have here all
the variants of the buttons this one is
a primary one secondary and we have like
over effect and and select effect as you
can see tertiary the same thing negative
one as you can see and here we can play
a little bit with the knobs we can
disable the button and we can't do
nothing on the button full width and
that's it it's a text input we have a
texting text input component here this
is the the simplest excellent good yeah
this is the default and the simplest one
so you can write something that you want
and you can have a helper text here and
on the bottom left side you can also
have a feedback message and this
feedback message is also an individual
component that I will show in a minute
and and here this text input can have it
can receive a prop and this prop will
say that okay you now should show the
strength indicator and as you can see it
replaced the the bottom the bottom
boarder for four lines and these lines
by me just fulfill as you can see these
lines are are filled with the color that
will represent the strength value that
you are passing to this component
and you can also write something and
show the password that you that you
wrote yeah
here we have all the icons the logo icon
is not the final one and it will not be
here but we have all the other items
here as you can see I think we are
missing or I am missing some of the
icons that shows introduced in the in
there so just from the shell it's the
settings and there help yeah okay here
is the bed I don't know if if Jill wants
to talk about the badges or not I can
it's really short you can interact with
the patch in the default and badge way
you can see the selected in selected
States reduce IP you can see how they
layout and in playgrounds you can
activate the disabled option that's
received espera and you can also try
writing more text inside and you can see
that it has a max with the file that's
pretty much it yeah and we will use this
this component for the the words that
adding hest and read so the word for
from the set up yeah story from the
greater density so here we have the
feedback message that text input uses as
you can see here this one we have the
the feedback message this component has
some variants the small variant as you
can see the text is small the icon is
also small and we have two large variant
as you can see can I ask you something
yeah sure really quick but if you need
to maybe it's better to try to do
something rhythm incrementation between
this this scenario is because I
on the warning it's and then the second
one is so close to the first one you can
almost denounce the define which one
with is what sure sure I'll do it okay
so as you can see the the icon can be
either on the left or on the right of
the text you can do this with let me
just show you here we have the text that
we want I can do it so this component
can be the type of this component can be
ever or info and if it is ever the text
will be read and also the icon will be
of the read so but if you choose info
you have here the color it turns gray
and and this is the the default behavior
of this this component for these types
but you can also override it with class
names quick notes can you be faster so
that anyone can okay here we have the
slider with offense the animation as you
can see yeah very cool as you can see
tooltip can be triggered and you can
press the trigger event as for example
over or a quick as you can see here I
need to click for for this for distal
tip to appear and also the model you can
see here the model that we will use for
imported entity or create identities
what sorry your dude it's missing the
padding and here is the the the model
layout that I was I am currently working
so I will not show much of this but here
picture this has has steps individual
steps and these these things were his
one step and this what is another step
and you will you will have like a
continue button here that will do like
this
it's fancy animation and you will see
the next step here so this is what I am
currently working and for the demo it's
I think it's that that's it I don't know
it's if anyone has questions alright so
I think there's no questions so finally
the latest in the last demo is follow go
ahead Paul can you stop sharing cutter
yeah I'm trying I'm okay let me share my
desktop really quick oh can you guys see
in my screen no not yet
tell me when please see not yet case we
can out no no okay so what I did is was
a very simple demo of what we already
developed of the GS IBM wallet so
basically this I didn't do any designs
so basically an wrestles I designed
everything theater is currently working
on the mob on the on the components but
I didn't use any of them so this is just
very basic so what is this imagine that
you are entering on the and the unknown
moosh for the first time so basically
the wallets will be created and the
wallet will actually look into your
storage and check if there's already a
master lock defined so basically I think
I already talked about is but I will
remember you guys you you will you can
define multiple locked
as a way to unlock the wallet
so for now the passphrase is the master
the master lock type and is the one the
you always need to have at least one
master lock type that can unlock
everything in the in the in the in the
world so basically the wallet currently
look for a master lock and it didn't
find any any of it so as you can see we
are currently using local storage as I
mentioned before and our local storage
is empty so it has it asks us to set up
our vault so it needs to it needs a
passphrase as its master lock so I'll
start by writing my password I'll write
my password so for example what if I
write my own name as a password so as
you can see we are currently evaluating
the the passphrase and the passphrase is
not strong enough and we can have some
warnings so for example common names or
surnames are easy to guess so the user
should not follow or should follow this
warning and don't use its name as as a
password and we have some suggestions so
for example at another world or two and
come on towards a biter so for example
what if I use IDM it's already is strong
enough or the algorithm we are using to
check if the passphrase is strong enough
already tell us that okay so this should
be at least strong enough so that it's
not that easy to guess so I'll go in and
I'll set this as my as my passphrase and
as you can see here already
our passphrase was stored in the local
storage so as you can see we have the
right key this is done with a script a
script is a password based derivation
function so basically we are using
we are using this to encrypt a generated
secret and we are going to use that
secret and use a a yes geez GCM aec GCM
- AES GC I'm sorry - to actually encrypt
the passphrase and the city with the
signal so basically as you can see here
this is the ciphertext that was
generated and all the other stuff here
like parameters salt the ID is to be
used as a wait for us to check if the
user when when the user will enter a
passphrase to unlock we are going to use
these parameters to see if we get the
same results and to check if you can
unlock the wallet okay do you want to
say anything and let me clarify
something so inside the vault and the
vault was previously named Walker and we
are still undecided on the name but
essentially inside the locker there is a
secret that allows you to decrypt
everything stored around their identity
like your credentials like your name
your email and credentials that you have
so shows such as social proofs and so on
so essentially you can lock this secret
with various values lock types and in
this case what we're doing is the user
puts passphrase we use script to derive
a key and with that key we use we
basically encrypt the secret within the
vault with that derived key it's
basically whatever is happening here so
so that's it you can put you so after
that it asks us to set an expiration
time so for example I'll set one what is
this this is a like a timer that we will
use so imagine that you leave your PC
open and you leave your share you go to
the bathroom or something
that you can have you can define a time
or a maximum next time so that the the
wallet locks itself after that so for
example find one minute and after
iteration it reaches immediate time it
locks the the wallet so this is a this
is one of the features that we developed
another thing is we can automatically
cite the max time in the settings for
example um I'm just waiting for the
timer to go to zero so you guys can see
that it actually locks the B app so - so
basically it locked
so and these will be the lock screen
that Andres those are presented to you
that one that that is a little bit more
fancy than this one with some animations
and stuff just a little bit so basically
here you will have a way to right now we
are currently only supporting the
passphrase but in the future you could
unlock this as and right side with the
the face ID or with your fingerprint but
so I'll put a passphrase random
passphrase to see what happens so
basically if I click enter the
passphrase is invalid it was like that
passphrase is invalid but what I put the
actual passphrase that we defined we are
in again in the in the wallet so imagine
that we set the max time to 10 minutes
the timer still counts as the if the
time set is bigger than the one in the
timer currently it doesn't reset itself
but we are thinking of a feature where
every time you do an action for example
if you do a click if you move the mouse
if you do anything the timer resets
itself so it means that you are using
the wallet so if you are using the
wallet you don't you you wouldn't expect
the wallet to lock itself right so
we are going to use interactions to
restart the timer but for example if you
set the time
below the current one it automatically
will start from that time so it doesn't
get too much time that you didn't want
it to to do it so we also have the
locking lock button so it can
demonstrate that we can call the the loc
method any time we want or we can define
it in a in some interactions so we are
we are going to lock the vault the the
wallet and that's it we are going we we
are now in the lock screen again so this
is mainly it do you guys have any
questions thank you yeah you know I'm
just curious I want to tell suggest that
you avoid any usage of local storage
whatsoever as it is synchronous if you
plan on storing any decent amount size
of data you will always have a
synchronous call so I would avoid it
like the plague and move any storage
into index dB yeah at the moment we are
using local storage because it was
simpler to be honest but we have had
these questions about using something
like index TV not necessarily an exhibit
directly there are a few modules that
have a beautiful interface or a
brilliant interface to the next CD
another another possible module how's
that called Paulo the the one from
Google and uh level DB DB we looked into
level DB as well there's level up and
level down modules for has to use in the
browser and those actually use in xeb as
well and they are a key value started
with nice features such as ranch ranch
few queries so we can
search for keys there are within a
certain boundary which is kind of nice
for instance we can start just
identities as keys then we query them by
using you know by pre-fishing we're
fixing the keys such as for instance di
D slash something and then we can query
starting from D D ID and ending on the
ID and a lot latest the last
alphanumerical charter and then gives us
that gives us all the identities within
the IDM where we kind of misshapen and
decided yet but yeah that's about it I
know what I know that I like IKEA past
GFI PFS uses love can be and then I was
playing with it and then I just went to
couch or to polish socks or stuff I was
doing and I found that to be really nice
for indexdb usage also let me just
mention something which is what is in
the local storage if you see in the
screen we are actually storing the
algorithm algorithms we are using and
the parameters so that allows us for
instance if we launch another version of
IBM with a better algorithm we can
actually activate the algorithm because
we can compare what we use it before to
the newest one in order to write so
meaning that when we unlock the the IDM
we can lock it again or store again the
the encrypted passwords with a newer
algorithm so that's it any more
questions for Paulo
yeah so just briefly I'm not super
familiar with how like web offline stuff
works but I imagine the things like you
know using a fingerprint or a face or
whatever are not really gonna play
nicely with the other things you have in
mind right because if you use like
either you're gonna you're going to use
something too
as an encryption layer over your private
keys like you're gonna use an escrow
password or you're gonna use some you
know public key encryption thing or it's
gonna be clear text and it's protected
by some authentication mechanism like a
faith but if you allow it to do both
then you you're you default down to the
clear text one so you may need to like
limit which web authentic can actually
use yep
I haven't actually explored it much but
we discussed some scenarios for instance
when you are authenticating to adapt we
obviously want to ensure that you are
the real one behind IBM even if the IDM
is and locks and that might require
might require passphrase in some cases
and in others touch ID just hid so we
haven't quite defined but we are aware
of for yourself also the way valve and I
I tried it I actually tried it in the in
the plane like implementing in the plane
when a flight back to Portugal and
there's an issue because but that's it
there's an issue but there's a solution
of course the issue is that the spec
relies on a server so the server
actually plays a role in the the whole
flow diagram meaning that we must have a
server but I mean the IDM wallet doesn't
have a server quite it just runs on your
local browser but we can implement a
serviceworker that acts as a server
right we like receiving requests and
responding to those requests that's how
web of words and forgot me but we can
get it get around it by doing a service
work for any more questions okay so yeah
pasta schedule but we actually are
crossing the Han so there's a final
point about questions like global
questions that you want to you know to
husk so if you have any it's the time no
the questions Oh real quick look what I
just been asked I haven't really looked
and all the repos in a couple of days or
maybe a week and is there are there
tasks and milestones set up for ya no
contributors to pick up yeah so
essentially it's all within the PMI DM I
will share my screen so to be easier can
you see my screen yeah okay if you go
into the repo
there's like a brief summary of a lot of
things and one of the topics is
milestones and progress okay I could I
had no problem so we have a work plan
document with I know detailed milestones
and and objectives for each milestone
milestones how so we have this progress
call every two weeks actually this one
wasn't first Thursday but usually it's
on Monday but because of the reboot well
at first I couldn't at the end and also
she won coolant so we scheduled for
today also we use meetup for everything
so or almost everything so if you look
into the project's tab you'll find the
scrum boards and inside the scrum board
do you see that we organize our tasks
within you know boards and columns and
mostly it's the design material we kind
of are in a transition phase because you
know Kira is not really suitable for
designers to collaborate in the sense
that designers are not really profitable
with kids so there's a barrier there and
we are kind of you know migrating or
transitioning to something like Google
folder
Google folder that is open to anyone and
put the design material there and you
know the naming of the files you know
present in the dead folder will will be
missed or is defined here in the filling
system document also you have some
somewhat repositories listed here some
more some depositories are not created
yet because we are in early phases of
the project but they will eventually be
created and yeah it's mostly it so if
you if you have any any questions
regarding most most of the things about
EDM you can find here in the with me if
you can if you can't it means that we
need to improve it so create an issue
about that and we'll probably put that
in the readme as well then so are any
more questions so also let me just say
one more thing we use IRC so we are on
freenode and the channel is ipfs what's
that symbol like hashtag yeah ash take a
pee first and then - identity sorry I
stay I got the FS - identity so also you
can go there ask ask us anything and
we'll answer on IRC so I think we are
past schedule so thank you very much for
everyone to participating we'll be
having all these calls every two weeks
except that form from from now on they
will be on Monday at the same time okay
so thank you anyone everyone bye-bye
thanks guys